Hi, my name is Emilio and this is the
second was so good I hope this is
the best if I have the extra I will teach them
how to make a contribution in main create a
new diagonal
well let's start to do the fourth
we will invest in the pieces, here I have
one directly on the floor
some pieces there do not need
what we will do will be the first thing I will do
quarter
what I'm going to do with this block
I'm going to put them
and another one we're going to put here
let's use a strong one that will use this
I'm going to put here I leave that space
free to put two minutes
our parts are filled
put this then here
here
and here we have disappear we are going to
make camera base the other wall
and I'm going to do it
A) Yes
today
it was like a sale
tribunes you put two pieces
and so it is
and how is it going
a woman the floors I see it as a
piece
Y
when you are here
and this piece
some red pizzas from the vaquita
that will sound
here
a part of the house
with a little room of her
it's big but there it is
the only one that is going to be filling it I'm going
to do so
and let's put here we made a bed
I'm going to put a little chair
Y
today
they do not put a chest
A) Yes
chest
my bedside table
it happened also we will not continue
doing more parts of the house
you can live in a moment I left what
That I have here
in others my dad from the USA
and also
That I have here
and also weapons
my favorite sister that is made
this age
It's the thompson girl who fills her
there